I used to paint miniatures when I was younger (I would say from 12 to 18 years
old), then I stopped mainly because of space and time constraints. I guess
I started as pretty much every other teenage boy my age: painting Warhammer
Battle minis.

I would not say my painting style was any good, but I liked it and it let me and
my friends play together. I started with a Lizardmen army (as this was one of
the two in the default starter box), but then went on to Wood Elves.

I had a hiatus for a few years, but every time I went back to my parents place
and saw all those unpainted minis, I wanted to get back to painting. But I had
no more friends around to play with, so it would be only painting for the sake
of painting. One night, I browsed online and found various websites explaining
how to do total conversions of minis: cutting plastic pieces here and there to
create new ones.

This soundes like fun and I started creating a whole new Imperial army by using
all the bits and pieces I had. I created a few terrain pieces as well, but my
main motto was that it had to be cheap. I only re-used old minis I had laying
around, or using bits from various cheap toys. I didn't want to start buying
expensive Games Workshops miniatures again.

I did that for a few years, on and off, then finally stopped again. I kept
buying minis in garage sales if they were really cheap, thinking that "one day"
I would be able to get back to it.

Then, about one year ago I realized that if I ever wanted to get back to
painting, I'll had to find a way to do it. I could not just wait for an
hypothetical future where I'll magically have more time. So I started reading
online about ways to paint quickly and for cheap.

This website is my place to write down every trick I found to generate
a collection of hundred of minis with only a limited amount of money and time to
invest in it. I don't play wargames anymore, but I still do tabletop
pen-and-paper roleplay, and those minis are used in this context.
